PROMPT
Please review the linked video here:https://www.coursera.org/learn/ui-design/resources/KOpgB and enter your critique for the Windows 10 Windows Explorer example.

The visibility, most common design principle is highly arranged here. The user can be able to access each and every place by staying at the same window by just clicking on them.
Constraints are shown here. The bunch of functions are disabled to make the user alerts these functions are not available.
Feedback is provided here to make the user conforms their action. It really needed for the user to have better user experience with the interface.


Please review the screenshots below for a demonstration of relevant features of this interface and enter your critique for the Google Play Music example : https://www.coursera.org/learn/ui-design/resources/0iNSP

The interface provides the filtering options to the user to find out the needed ones. When it comes to music players the main function will be a pause and play songs it is highlighted in the bottom of the interface and shows the visibility designing is highly recommended in this interface. On the song image, it shows the current stage of the song to make the user understand clearly. It is a button there to easily go for the playlist from where the song stored which is very closer to the song name.




Please review the Netflix video linked below and enter your critique for the Netflix example: https://www.coursera.org/learn/ui-design/resources/ang0g

Search button is located in a visible place and give the user instruction that he/she can browse people, titles and genres. The user can continue with the place where had they stopped by the "continue watching tab" which is the correct use of the design principle "Feedback".Good use of constraints to appropriately guide our searches. User can go with the trending videos which is provided by the interface to make the user identify what is a trend and get updated. Each film is having a description of the collections to give the relevant details to the user.
